README.md, before:

# Post-card
Post Card Wordpress Plugin

### Example
This is beatiful Post Card -> https://image.ibb.co/bN9Ktv/post_card.png

## Description
This plugin, so far, installs 1 widget that is a Post Card widget.
The post is selected by the given ID and the text is provided by user as well, it isn't a post excerpt.
It was previously created to be a full Elementor widget but as Elementor isn't a API, it was decided to develop a full wordpress widget
but, the widget works perfectly with the Elementor Page Builder. 


##Fell free
Fell Free to adapt the widget in you own needs the code is all commented waiting for any improvment and customization.

## What's missing
What we are creating and you can help 
  1. Post Card not by id but by category and the widget would randomize the post; 
  2. Fix the 16:9 ratio image problem (if you add a non 16:9 ratio featured image, you can experience                                          some styling mistakes); 
  3. Custom Post Card size; 
  4. WHATEVER YOU WANT, just code and let us know.; 

## General Usage
 Using Elementor Page Builder, simply click and drag the widget to wherever you want it, it is developed to be a 3 columns
 grid layout. Insert the ID and crete a interesting call text.

Commit message:

-> Add the Id column to the All Post Section in the Admin -> Updated AGAIN the readme.md

README.md, after:

# Post-card
Post Card Wordpress Plugin

### Example
Post Card -> https://tinyurl.com/m9hxqgl

## Description
This plugin, so far, installs 1 widget that is a Post Card widget.
The post is selected by the given ID and the text is provided by user as well, it isn't a post excerpt.
It was previously created to be a full Elementor widget but as Elementor isn't a API, it was decided to develop a full wordpress widget
but, the widget works perfectly with the Elementor Page Builder. 


##Fell free
Fell Free to adapt the widget in you own needs the code is all commented waiting for any improvment and customization.

## What's missing
What we are creating and you can help 
  1. Post Card not by id but by category and the widget would randomize the post; 
  2. Fix the 16:9 ratio image problem (if you add a non 16:9 ratio featured image, you can experience                                          some styling mistakes); 
  3. Custom Post Card size; 
  4. WHATEVER YOU WANT, just code and let us know.; 

## General Usage
 ### Peaw Single Post Preview
  As the name says, this is a widget that preview a single post only. All you need to do is enter an ID
  1. If using elementor, simply drag and drop the widget wherever you want. This is the widget name -> https://tinyurl.com/ny2r66e. If not using elementor, place the widget where you want in the wordpress admin.
  2. Using the Elementor page builder, the widget menu will be prompted. -> https://tinyurl.com/n262g8m.
  all you need to do here is insert the Post id (Check FAQ to know where to find it), and the last thing is to insert a beatifull text to make people interested about your post. If call text is blank, it will be the Post Excerpt, if it's balnk as well, it will be blank which is not cool.
  3. That's it! Here an example of 3 Peaw widget together: https://tinyurl.com/m9hxqgl

### Peaw Random Post By Category
  1. If using elementor, simply drag and drop the widget wherever you want. This is the widget name -> https://tinyurl.com/lwje9zu. If not using elementor, place the widget where you want in the wordpress admin.
  2. All you need to do is choose the Category you want. The call text here is the Post excerpt always -> https://tinyurl.com/k8rnubo
  If you insert an invalid Category this will be the result ->https://tinyurl.com/lo5qbbd
  3. That's it!
  
## FAQ
#### How can I know the Post id?
This plugin adds the ID column in your "All Posts" section on the wordpress admin panel.
